I'm going to ask you to stand this morning as we read from the gospel lesson today.
From Luke, the 19th chapter, the Gospel of Luke, chapter 19,
Versus 35 through 40.
The words can be found on your screens or feel free to open your electronic devices or your worship guides.
Then they brought it to Jesus.
The donkey that is.
They brought it to Jesus and after throwing their cloaks on the colt,
They set Jesus on it.
As he rode along,
People kept spreading their cloaks on the road.
now as he was approaching the path down from the Mount of Olives
The whole multitude of the disciples began to praise God joyfully with a loud voice for all the
All the deeds of power that they had seen.
And saying. Saying.
Blessed is the king.
10, who comes in the name of the Lord, who comes in the name of the Lord.
Peace in heaven and glory in the highest.
16. Heaven.
Some of the Pharisees in the crowd said to him,
Teacher
Order your disciples to stop
He answered.
I tell you.
If these were silent.
The rocks
we cried out.
This is the word of lord for the people of god
Thanks be to God.
Amen.
I hope you allow me to
mess with the script
For a moment.
I can't sing, but I need the help of the choir.
Oh come
Let us
I'll do it.
I can't.
Oh come let us
I'm yours
Oh come
Love
But
I'll take you home.
Come in thy people, bless. Come give thy word, success, spirit. Amen.
Spirit of holiness.
Honest assent.
And the people of God together.
Amen.
Because his
The hour had now come.
It was now time for him to make his last public affirmation of his claims.
He knew it would lead to cavalry and the establishment of his kingdom on Earth.
And once Jesus acknowledges their praise, there are only two courses open to the city. Confess him like Peter did,
Or crucify him.
Either he was their king,
Or see them once.
If you look at the ancient sculptures and memorials of Assyria and Babylon and Egypt, even in Greece, which,
i visited just a week ago the statue of alexander the great.
one is struck by the majesty of kings and leaders riding triumphantly on horses and chariots we love the pomp and
Up in the circumstance.
we even envy it.
But Jesus, the King of kings and Lord of lords,
Rides on an ass
By choosing a donkey instead of a horse, Jesus presented himself as the king of peace.
Rather than a conquering warrior.
if he had entered jerusalem with regal pomp and circumstance they would have seen him as a political messiah.
Tied to a worldly government that will not last.
Which meant
If he had done that, he would only have been
A temporary leader.
Caught up in money.
and power.
So Jesus chose not to be a political military leader, but his mission was fundamentally spiritual.
And transcendent.
he came to establish the kingdom of god which is not tied to earthly power structures or political systems his teachings emphasize
God's love and humility and forgiveness and service, which stood in stark,
Contrast to the ambitions of political and military leaders.
By avoiding political and military roles, Jesus demonstrated that his purpose was to transform hearts and lives rather than to.
overthrow governments and leave armies because if the power and the love of jesus is embraced and received by the people.
There would be no need for armies or overthrowing governments because love for neighbor is
Woods flourish!
At Jesus.
was the promise prince of king david's line.
The one who came with a divine mission, Hosanna was originally a prayer.
And today it is now a triumph welcome of a savior.
Hosanna! Blessed is he who comes!
In the name of the lord
But the establishment.
Told Jesus to tell him to stop praising him.
And Jesus says if they stop, the rocks will cry out.
In praise.
you know even as a kid when we read that in sunday school class the teacher could not really explain it.
To a 12-year-old child.
And as I've gotten older, my black spirituality teaches me to see God in all things, in all people.
Jesus was saying if the people were silent, nature itself would cry out if the disciples were silent,
1000 enemies would have nothing to gain for mountains and seas would become vocal.
that suggests that if we remain silent in praising and proclaiming the truth
Creation like rocks.
Would testify or cry out
because truth
Cannot be suppressed.
If people are silent,
Creation will testify.
and that is because truth
Is un.
Containable.
It will find its voice.
whether through humanity or creation. because if creation itself can express truth, it implies that truth is not confined
To human minds and language.
Truth exists universally by brothers and sisters, woven into the fabric of reality and can be revealed.
Through nature,
Objects and phenomena.
Because the earth is the Lord's.
And the fullness thereof.
The world and everything that lives in it.
Eat all!
It belongs to God.
So on this Palm Sunday,
you and I need to understand there is a danger
Of silence.
We
Have a serious challenge.
To speak when our nation seems to accept more than seven million of its people are unemployed.
decisions are being made which result in the profit of the few at the expense of the many who are more economically vulnerable.
Vulnerable. We cannot be silent.
When we allow food to sit on pallets and rot,
And there are children who need water and nutrition and inoculation. Where are our eyes of pity and tenderness?
Tend the hearts of compassion.
If we fail,
To glorify God, creation itself will rise up and declare God's greatness.
It also serves as a call to action, my friends, to never remain silent.
In our faith and to boldly proclaim the truth knowing that all creation
is aligned with God's glory.
if we fail to speak
It allows harmful actions or systems
To persist unchallenged, and it can even embolden them.
To perpetuate more harm.
Silence.
Perpetuates harm.
And hinders progress, remaining silent.
in the face of injustice and sin can allow these wrongs to persist and even grow
Silence.
Can be seen as complicit.
as it fails to challenge.
Or confront harmful actions.
And sister.
speaking out.
against injustice and sin in a way to uphold moral values it can inspire others to take action and create a ripple effect
It that leads to transformation.
Because if we don't,
They will.
And i don't know about you but i don't want any rocks crying out for me
Christian believers are called to speak truth and offer praise as a reflection of their faith and relationship with God by speaking
Making truth believers align themselves.
With God's nature and demonstrate integrity and authenticity and love in their interactions with others.
And praise.
On the other hand,
is an expression of gratitude and reverence toward God.
it acknowledges god's greatness and faithfulness and the blessings that god provides you and i.
praising God is not only an act of worship but also a way to cultivate joy and strengthen one's faith
Both truth and praise.
or essential aspects of Christian living.
Fostering spiritual growth and unity within the community and a deeper connection with God.
my friends you and i are called to move forward in ministry together and build the kingdom of god here on earth.
when we merge our visions into one
and see ourselves as members of the community of communities in which god created all of creation can live in all of us.
All of creation can live and grow with dignity.
And hope for the future.
And all can have life.
And have it all but
Say something, beloved.
Say something.
Because if they, if we don't,
They will.
Oh come
Let us
A door
Him?
Oh, come, let us.
Adore him.
Oh, come let us go.
Here